# ---------------- LOAD DATA ----------------

questions = [
    "What is the latest news about AI?",
    "What is happening in the tech industry?",
    "What is new in cybersecurity?",
    "What is the latest in cloud computing?",
    "What is happening with data science?",
    "What is new in robotics?",
    "What is happening in software development?",
    "What is trending in mobile apps?",
    "What is happening in blockchain technology?",
    "What is the future of automation?",
    "What is the current global economy status?",
    "What is happening in stock markets?",
    "What is the latest business trend?",
    "What is happening in startups?",
    "What is new in global trade?",
    "What is happening in inflation?",
    "What is new in banking?",
    "What is happening in fintech?",
    "What is new in cryptocurrency?",
    "What is happening in e-commerce?",
    "What is happening in climate change?",
    "What is new in renewable energy?",
    "What is happening with global warming?",
    "What is the latest environmental issue?",
    "What is happening in pollution control?",
    "What is new in sustainability?",
    "What is happening in wildlife conservation?",
    "What is new in water resources?",
    "What is happening in green technology?",
    "What is the future of clean energy?",
    "What is happening in healthcare?",
    "What is new in medical technology?",
    "What is happening in vaccines?",
    "What is new in disease prevention?",
    "What is happening in hospitals?",
    "What is new in mental health awareness?",
    "What is happening in nutrition science?",
    "What is new in fitness trends?",
    "What is happening in biotechnology?",
    "What is the future of medicine?",
    "What is happening in education systems?",
    "What is new in online learning?",
    "What is happening in schools?",
    "What is new in universities?",
    "What is happening in exams?",
    "What is new in skill development?",
    "What is happening in student life?",
    "What is new in digital education?",
    "What is happening in teaching methods?",
    "What is the future of education?",
    "What is happening in global politics?",
    "What is new in international relations?",
    "What is happening in elections?",
    "What is new in government policies?",
    "What is happening in diplomacy?",
    "What is new in political strategies?",
    "What is happening in world leadership?",
    "What is new in law and order?",
    "What is happening in public policy?",
    "What is the future of governance?",
    "What is happening in sports?",
    "What is new in football?",
    "What is happening in cricket?",
    "What is new in Olympics?",
    "What is happening in athletes performance?",
    "What is new in sports technology?",
    "What is happening in tournaments?",
    "What is new in fitness sports?",
    "What is happening in esports?",
    "What is the future of sports?",
    "What is happening in space exploration?",
    "What is new in NASA missions?",
    "What is happening in Mars research?",
    "What is new in satellites?",
    "What is happening in astronomy?",
    "What is new in space technology?",
    "What is happening in rocket launches?",
    "What is new in space discoveries?",
    "What is happening in moon missions?",
    "What is the future of space travel?",
    "What is happening in social media?",
    "What is new in digital marketing?",
    "What is happening in content creation?",
    "What is new in influencers?",
    "What is happening in online trends?",
    "What is new in communication tools?",
    "What is happening in internet usage?",
    "What is new in virtual reality?",
    "What is happening in augmented reality?",
    "What is the future of social platforms?",
    "What is happening in global news?",
    "What is new in world updates?",
    "What is happening in international events?",
    "What is new in breaking news?",
    "What is happening in daily headlines?",
    "What is new in journalism?",
    "What is happening in news reporting?",
    "What is new in media industry?",
    "What is happening in press updates?",
    "What is the future of news industry?"
]

answers = {
    0: [
        "AI adoption is increasing rapidly across industries worldwide.",
        "Major AI companies are investing heavily in generative AI research.",
        "AI is influencing job markets and automation strategies."
    ],

    1: [
        "Tech companies are focusing on cloud, AI, and sustainability.",
        "Startups are introducing innovative products at a fast pace.",
        "Mergers and acquisitions are reshaping the tech landscape."
    ],

    2: [
        "Cybersecurity threats are growing with more sophisticated attacks.",
        "Companies are adopting AI-driven security tools to detect risks.",
        "Global regulations are tightening data protection measures."
    ],

    3: [
        "Cloud providers are expanding AI-enabled services for businesses.",
        "Hybrid and multi-cloud solutions are becoming standard.",
        "Edge computing is being integrated to improve latency and performance."
    ],

    4: [
        "Data science is being used for predictive analytics and insights.",
        "AI-driven automation is reducing manual data processing tasks.",
        "Data ethics and privacy are increasingly important in analysis."
    ],

    5: [
        "Robotics is advancing in manufacturing, healthcare, and logistics.",
        "Collaborative robots (cobots) are becoming more common in workplaces.",
        "AI-powered robots are improving precision and efficiency in tasks."
    ],

    6: [
        "Software development is embracing low-code and no-code platforms.",
        "AI-assisted coding tools are enhancing productivity.",
        "Security and DevOps practices are integrated into development pipelines."
    ],

    7: [
        "Mobile apps are integrating AI for personalization and recommendations.",
        "Health and finance apps are gaining major adoption.",
        "Cross-platform app development frameworks are trending."
    ],

    8: [
        "Blockchain is expanding beyond crypto into supply chain and finance.",
        "Decentralized finance (DeFi) platforms are growing in popularity.",
        "Governments are exploring regulations for blockchain adoption."
    ],

    9: [
        "Automation will increasingly combine AI and robotics in workplaces.",
        "Business processes are being redesigned to leverage automation.",
        "Reskilling workers is key to adapting to automated systems."
    ],

    10: [
        "Global economic growth is slowing in some regions due to geopolitical tensions.",
        "Inflation and energy costs are key concerns for economies worldwide.",
        "Emerging markets show mixed performance amid uncertainty."
    ],

    11: [
        "Stock markets are reacting to inflation and interest rate trends.",
        "Tech and AI stocks are driving market volatility.",
        "Investors are seeking safe-haven assets amid uncertainty."
    ],

    12: [
        "Businesses are prioritizing digital transformation and sustainability.",
        "AI and cloud adoption are shaping corporate strategy.",
        "Consumer demand for innovation is driving new business models."
    ],

    13: [
        "Startups are focusing on AI, fintech, and healthcare solutions.",
        "Venture funding continues to flow into promising early-stage companies.",
        "Global startup ecosystems are expanding rapidly in Asia and Europe."
    ],

    14: [
        "Trade disruptions and geopolitical tensions affect global supply chains.",
        "Digital trade platforms are growing in importance.",
        "Countries are negotiating new trade agreements and tariffs."
    ],

    15: [
        "Inflation remains a focus for central banks and policymakers.",
        "Energy prices and supply chain issues are contributing to rising costs.",
        "Consumer spending patterns are shifting in response to inflation."
    ],

    16: [
        "Banks are expanding digital services and online platforms.",
        "Interest rate adjustments are impacting lending and deposits.",
        "Neo-banks and fintech partnerships are changing traditional banking."
    ],

    17: [
        "Fintech innovation is driving new payment and lending solutions.",
        "Regulatory frameworks are evolving to accommodate fintech growth.",
        "AI and blockchain are being integrated into financial technology."
    ],

    18: [
        "New blockchain platforms and protocols are being launched.",
        "Stablecoins and DeFi platforms are gaining wider adoption.",
        "Governments and regulators are introducing new crypto rules."
    ],

    19: [
        "E-commerce is seeing growth in mobile shopping and apps.",
        "AI-powered recommendation systems are enhancing sales.",
        "Supply chain optimization is improving delivery speed and efficiency."
    ],

    20: [
        "Climate change effects are intensifying with rising sea levels.",
        "Extreme weather events are becoming more frequent globally.",
        "Countries are adopting stricter climate policies and carbon targets."
    ],

    21: [
        "Solar, wind, and bioenergy technologies are advancing rapidly.",
        "Energy storage and grid integration innovations are increasing.",
        "Floating solar farms and offshore wind projects are expanding."
    ],

    22: [
        "Global temperatures continue to rise, affecting ecosystems.",
        "Polar ice melt and glacier retreat are accelerating.",
        "Extreme weather patterns are linked to global warming trends."
    ],

    23: [
        "Plastic pollution and deforestation remain major environmental issues.",
        "Air and water quality deterioration is gaining attention.",
        "Environmental justice and equity are emerging policy focuses."
    ],

    24: [
        "Industrial emissions controls are being upgraded worldwide.",
        "Urban pollution monitoring and air filtration are expanding.",
        "Policies incentivize waste reduction and circular economy solutions."
    ],

    25: [
        "Companies adopt eco-friendly production and packaging.",
        "Sustainable supply chains and ethical sourcing are trending.",
        "Carbon footprint tracking and reporting are becoming standard."
    ],

    26: [
        "Wildlife corridors and protected areas are being increased.",
        "Anti-poaching technologies and monitoring drones are used.",
        "Endangered species breeding and reintroduction programs are active."
    ],

    27: [
        "Desalination and water recycling projects are growing.",
        "Smart irrigation and water conservation technologies are emerging.",
        "Groundwater and aquifer management strategies are improving."
    ],

    28: [
        "Electric vehicles and green mobility tech are advancing.",
        "Energy-efficient building technologies are widely adopted.",
        "Sustainable materials and eco-design are trending in industry."
    ],

    29: [
        "Renewable energy investments and adoption are increasing globally.",
        "Solar, wind, and battery storage costs are dropping.",
        "Decentralized microgrids are gaining popularity for clean energy access."
    ],

    30: [
        "Telemedicine and digital health platforms are expanding.",
        "AI diagnostics and predictive healthcare tools are growing.",
        "Healthcare policy reforms are improving access and quality."
    ],

    31: [
        "Wearable devices and AI-assisted medical imaging are advancing.",
        "Robotics-assisted surgery and tele-surgery are emerging.",
        "Personalized medicine and genomics-based treatments are growing."
    ],

    32: [
        "New vaccines for infectious diseases are being developed rapidly.",
        "mRNA vaccine technology is expanding to other diseases.",
        "Global vaccination programs are improving distribution and coverage."
    ],

    33: [
        "Preventive health programs and screenings are expanding.",
        "AI and data analytics help track disease outbreaks.",
        "Public health campaigns focus on lifestyle and hygiene improvements."
    ],

    34: [
        "Hospital infrastructure is being upgraded with digital systems.",
        "Patient care is enhanced with telehealth and electronic records.",
        "Efficiency and workflow optimization is transforming hospital management."
    ],

    35: [
        "Mental health awareness campaigns are growing globally.",
        "Tele-therapy and mental wellness apps are widely used.",
        "Schools and workplaces integrate programs for stress management."
    ],

    36: [
        "Research on nutrition and personalized diets is increasing.",
        "Functional foods and supplements gain popularity.",
        "AI-driven nutrition planning and tracking tools are emerging."
    ],

    37: [
        "Home fitness apps and wearables are expanding user engagement.",
        "High-intensity and functional training trends are rising.",
        "AI-personalized workouts and virtual coaching are becoming mainstream."
    ],

    38: [
        "Gene editing and CRISPR technologies are advancing rapidly.",
        "Biotech startups are developing innovative therapies and diagnostics.",
        "Biomanufacturing and synthetic biology are expanding industrial applications."
    ],

    39: [
        "Personalized medicine is becoming more precise using genomics.",
        "Telemedicine and AI diagnostics are shaping future healthcare.",
        "Medical research focuses on longevity, rare diseases, and AI-assisted treatments."
    ],

    40: [
        "Education systems are integrating technology and hybrid learning.",
        "Curriculums are being updated to include critical thinking and digital literacy.",
        "Global education reforms focus on accessibility and quality improvements."
    ],

    41: [
        "Online learning platforms are expanding with AI personalization.",
        "Interactive and gamified learning experiences are trending.",
        "Micro-credentials and short courses are gaining popularity."
    ],

    42: [
        "Schools are adopting blended learning and digital classrooms.",
        "Student mental health programs are being introduced.",
        "STEM and coding are emphasized in modern curriculums."
    ],

    43: [
        "Universities are expanding global partnerships and research programs.",
        "Digital labs and AI-driven learning tools are being integrated.",
        "Flexible degree programs and interdisciplinary studies are emerging."
    ],

    44: [
        "Exams are moving toward online and adaptive testing.",
        "Continuous assessment and project-based evaluations are increasing.",
        "AI tools help in grading and reducing evaluation bias."
    ],

    45: [
        "Skill development programs focus on AI, coding, and data literacy.",
        "Vocational and soft skills are being integrated into curriculums.",
        "Online platforms make upskilling accessible globally."
    ],

    46: [
        "Student life includes hybrid learning, online communities, and clubs.",
        "Mental health and wellness activities are becoming standard.",
        "Entrepreneurship and innovation hubs are expanding in universities."
    ],

    47: [
        "Digital education integrates VR, AR, and AI for immersive learning.",
        "Learning analytics track student progress and engagement.",
        "Open educational resources (OER) are widely available online."
    ],

    48: [
        "Teaching methods now include flipped classrooms and active learning.",
        "AI-assisted lesson planning supports personalized learning.",
        "Collaborative and experiential learning is increasingly used."
    ],

    49: [
        "Education will focus on AI, lifelong learning, and skill adaptability.",
        "Hybrid and personalized learning will become standard.",
        "Global collaboration and digital classrooms will shape the future."
    ],

    50: [
        "Global politics are influenced by climate, trade, and technology challenges.",
        "Geopolitical tensions and alliances are shifting rapidly.",
        "International policy debates focus on security, economy, and human rights."
    ],

    51: [
        "International relations emphasize trade, security, and climate agreements.",
        "Diplomatic partnerships and multilateral organizations play key roles.",
        "Cybersecurity and tech diplomacy are increasingly important."
    ],

    52: [
        "Elections are increasingly using digital voting systems.",
        "Voter engagement and political campaigns leverage social media.",
        "Election integrity and transparency remain key concerns."
    ],

    53: [
        "Governments are introducing policies to boost innovation and sustainability.",
        "Public health, education, and infrastructure reforms are ongoing.",
        "Digital governance and e-services are expanding."
    ],

    54: [
        "Diplomacy focuses on conflict resolution, climate, and trade negotiations.",
        "Virtual diplomacy platforms are emerging for international talks.",
        "Soft power strategies influence global relationships."
    ],

    55: [
        "Political strategies increasingly use data analytics and AI.",
        "Campaigns focus on digital outreach and targeted communication.",
        "Coalitions and alliances shape domestic and global policies."
    ],

    56: [
        "World leadership is adapting to multipolar global power shifts.",
        "Leaders focus on sustainability, economy, and geopolitical stability.",
        "Global crises like climate and pandemics challenge decision-making."
    ],

    57: [
        "Law and order policies are incorporating AI and surveillance technology.",
        "Criminal justice reforms focus on fairness and efficiency.",
        "Cybercrime and digital threats are a growing focus for law enforcement."
    ],

    58: [
        "Public policy is increasingly informed by data analytics and AI.",
        "Policies target social equity, health, and environmental sustainability.",
        "Citizen engagement platforms are improving policy feedback."
    ],

    59: [
        "Governance will integrate technology, transparency, and citizen participation.",
        "AI and digital tools will enhance decision-making efficiency.",
        "Global collaboration will define future governance models."
    ],

    60: [
        "Sports are incorporating technology for performance and analytics.",
        "Global competitions and new formats increase fan engagement.",
        "Health, fitness, and safety regulations are improving."
    ],

    61: [
        "Football is using VAR, AI analytics, and wearable tech for players.",
        "Global tournaments are attracting digital fan engagement platforms.",
        "Youth academies focus on skill development and data-driven training."
    ],

    62: [
        "Cricket is adopting T20 leagues and franchise models globally.",
        "Technology in player performance and umpire decisions is growing.",
        "Women's cricket and grassroots programs are expanding rapidly."
    ],

    63: [
        "Olympics are focusing on sustainability and digital fan engagement.",
        "New sports and mixed-gender events are being introduced.",
        "AI and analytics are used to enhance athlete performance tracking."
    ],

    64: [
        "Athlete performance is improving with AI-driven training tools.",
        "Wearables and biometrics track health and recovery.",
        "Nutrition and personalized coaching are optimizing results."
    ],

    65: [
        "Sports technology includes smart equipment and sensors.",
        "Video replay systems and analytics enhance decision-making.",
        "Virtual training and simulation tools are growing in popularity."
    ],

    66: [
        "Tournaments are expanding globally with digital streaming.",
        "New formats and leagues are increasing fan engagement.",
        "Prize money and sponsorships are growing across sports."
    ],

    67: [
        "Fitness sports trends focus on high-intensity interval training.",
        "Wearable tech tracks progress and performance metrics.",
        "Community challenges and gamified fitness apps are popular."
    ],

    68: [
        "Esports tournaments are gaining global recognition.",
        "Player performance analytics and AI coaching are emerging.",
        "Virtual and augmented reality games expand immersive experiences."
    ],

    69: [
        "Sports will integrate AI, virtual reality, and enhanced analytics.",
        "Global leagues will expand hybrid online-offline formats.",
        "Health, safety, and sustainability will guide future sports."
    ],

    70: [
        "Space exploration is expanding with private companies and nations.",
        "Moon, Mars, and asteroid missions are ongoing.",
        "New international space collaborations are forming."
    ],

    71: [
        "NASA missions focus on lunar exploration and Mars preparation.",
        "New satellite launches support climate and science research.",
        "AI and robotics are improving mission efficiency."
    ],

    72: [
        "Mars research focuses on habitability and resource mapping.",
        "Rovers and orbiters collect geological and atmospheric data.",
        "Plans for human missions and colonization are advancing."
    ],

    73: [
        "New satellites improve Earth observation and communication.",
        "Mini and micro satellites are increasingly deployed.",
        "AI is used to process satellite data for climate and security."
    ],

    74: [
        "Astronomy research is exploring exoplanets and black holes.",
        "Telescopes and observatories are becoming more advanced.",
        "Cosmology studies continue to refine the universe’s origins."
    ],

    75: [
        "Space technology innovations include reusable rockets and propulsion.",
        "AI and robotics enhance mission planning and safety.",
        "3D printing and in-space manufacturing are emerging trends."
    ],

    76: [
        "Rocket launches are becoming more frequent and cost-efficient.",
        "Private companies are driving commercial space flight.",
        "International collaboration ensures safe and effective launches."
    ],

    77: [
        "Space discoveries include new exoplanets and cosmic phenomena.",
        "Asteroid mapping and resource potential are expanding.",
        "Dark matter and gravitational studies are progressing."
    ],

    78: [
        "Moon missions focus on scientific research and sustainable bases.",
        "Private and public partnerships are advancing lunar exploration.",
        "Robotic and human missions are planned for the near future."
    ],

    79: [
        "Space travel may become commercial and more accessible.",
        "AI-driven mission planning will enhance safety and efficiency.",
        "Interplanetary travel concepts are under active research."
    ],

    80: [
        "Social media platforms are expanding AI-driven content moderation.",
        "Short-form video and interactive formats are trending.",
        "Privacy and data protection are increasingly scrutinized."
    ],

    81: [
        "Digital marketing uses AI, personalization, and analytics.",
        "Social commerce and influencer campaigns are growing.",
        "AR/VR advertising and interactive content are emerging."
    ],

    82: [
        "Content creation is increasingly video and AI-assisted.",
        "Platforms encourage collaborative and interactive media.",
        "Monetization strategies include subscriptions and sponsorships."
    ],

    83: [
        "Influencers are leveraging multiple platforms and niche audiences.",
        "AI tools assist in content optimization and scheduling.",
        "Brand collaborations and live streaming events are growing."
    ],

    84: [
        "Online trends evolve rapidly with viral content and memes.",
        "Short videos, challenges, and interactive posts drive engagement.",
        "User-generated content shapes platform dynamics."
    ],

    85: [
        "Communication tools integrate AI, video conferencing, and collaboration.",
        "Messaging apps expand business and social functionalities.",
        "Cross-platform integration improves workflow and connectivity."
    ],

    86: [
        "Internet usage continues to grow globally with mobile-first access.",
        "Streaming, social media, and cloud services dominate usage.",
        "Digital literacy and cybersecurity awareness are increasing."
    ],

    87: [
        "Virtual reality expands gaming, training, and educational experiences.",
        "VR headsets and immersive platforms are improving performance.",
        "AI-generated environments and simulations enhance interactivity."
    ],

    88: [
        "Augmented reality integrates digital content with real-world views.",
        "AR is used in retail, education, and navigation applications.",
        "AR glasses and mobile apps are expanding consumer adoption."
    ],

    89: [
        "Social platforms will evolve with AI, AR/VR, and immersive experiences.",
        "Decentralized social networks may offer more privacy and control.",
        "Interactive commerce and content personalization will dominate."
    ],

    90: [
        "Global news focuses on geopolitics, climate, and tech developments.",
        "Digital platforms deliver instant updates worldwide.",
        "Fact-checking and credibility verification are increasingly important."
    ],

    91: [
        "World updates include political, environmental, and scientific events.",
        "Real-time news dashboards and AI summarization tools are emerging.",
        "Global news agencies expand multimedia coverage."
    ],

    92: [
        "International events like summits and sports attract global attention.",
        "Virtual conferences and hybrid events increase accessibility.",
        "Diplomatic and cultural exchanges continue to expand."
    ],

    93: [
        "Breaking news is disseminated via social media and live streaming.",
        "AI-driven alerts provide faster and personalized updates.",
        "Journalists rely on real-time data and reporting tools."
    ],

    94: [
        "Daily headlines summarize major political, economic, and social events.",
        "News aggregation apps provide personalized coverage.",
        "Mobile-first consumption dominates audience behavior."
    ],

    95: [
        "Journalism embraces multimedia storytelling and AI assistance.",
        "Investigative reporting and fact-checking are emphasized.",
        "Global collaboration among media outlets is growing."
    ],

    96: [
        "News reporting uses AI for speed and accuracy.",
        "Citizen journalism and social media reporting expand coverage.",
        "Live updates and data visualization enhance news delivery."
    ],

    97: [
        "Media industry trends include digital-first platforms and subscriptions.",
        "Streaming, podcasts, and interactive media are growing rapidly.",
        "AI tools assist in content creation and audience analysis."
    ],

    98: [
        "Press updates integrate social media and mobile notifications.",
        "News agencies adopt real-time monitoring and analytics.",
        "Global coverage is enhanced by multimedia and online platforms."
    ],

    99: [
        "The future of news industry focuses on AI, immersive media, and digital subscriptions.",
        "Decentralized and community-driven news platforms may rise.",
        "Personalized, interactive, and instant news delivery will dominate."
    ]
}